UIP-362: FD organization (#360)
cbinsights/form-design-system: CHANGELOG.md

---
## [9.0] MAJOR

### Changes / Additions

- Components can be imported via a destructure pattern. `import { Button, IconButton } from '@cbinsights/fds/lib/components'`
- FDS Icons (only React) can be imported via a destructure pattern. `import { AddIcon, CaretDownIcon } from '@cbinsights/fds/lib/icons/react'`

### **BREAKING CHANGES**

#### Component reorganization
- The following folders no longer exist: `media`, `interactive`, `layout` `forms`, `modals`, `popovers`

> - All components now live next to one another. This is going to break tons of paths!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All components now live in `lib/components`. This is going to break tons of import paths!
```

- Adds `dateFormat` prop to `DateInput` to allow different date order (MDY, DMY, YMD)

breaking: countdown button no longer accessible

> 

Author: get rid of this
